Peppa, George and Danny are
having a day out on granddad dog's boat.
Can we go to pirate island today?
Yes, Danny. But first,
We've got to deliver
supplies to my friend Grampy Rabbit.
Where does Grampy Rabbit live?
On a rock!
On a  rock?
Yes.In fact, light house!
Wow~
Aye aye there,  maty!
I've brought your supplies.
Oh. Thank you, granddad dog.
I got my crew with me today.
Danny. Peppa.and George.
Visitors.
I have not had visitors in many a moment.
I get a bit lonely.
I just sea and sky for company.
How long have you been here?
Since Tuesday.
Oh~
I've got tails? to tell.
If you like to hear?
No thanks.
Yes, please.
Well. There's the sea under sky, and ……
I'm learning the banjo.
Would you like to hear a song?
No, thanks. yes, please.
I got up this morning.
The sea was still there, so was the sky.
The sea, the sky, the sea, the sky.
Here's your cheese.
Oh, hi~ mr cheese.
And a new book!
How to run a light house.
Oh, that will come handy.
Why is your house called a lighthouse?
I'll show you, peppa.
The staircase goes around
and around to the very top of the lighthouse.
Round, and round, and round!
It's called a lighthouse,
because it has this big light at the top.
Wow~
It shines through
the dark helping sailors to find their way.
And when there is foggy,
I use this fog horn. FOG~
That's loud!
No fog today. Just sea and sky.
The stories I could tell you.
No, thank you. We've got to go.
We are sailing to Pirate Island.
Goodbye  Grampy Rabbit.
Enjoy the sea and  the sky!
We will.
Granddad dog's
boat has arrived at the island.
Look! Our sand castle is still there.
Let's play hide and seek.
OK. One, two, three……
There're not many
places to hide on pirate island.
Ready or not?
Here I come. Found you.oh
Now, where is George
Granddad dog can't find George anywhere.
I give up. Where's he?Boo!
George was hiding behind granddad dog.
Clever George!
Let's set off home before it gets dark.
Oh~ it is getting dark!
Don't worry!The light from Grampy Rabbit 's
lighthouse will show us the way home.
Grampy Rabbit is ready for bed.
Oh~ My new book
"how to run a lighthouse" chapter 1.
Oh~ I'll read the rest tomorrow.
Better turn the light out.
Oh! Where did the light go?
Do you know what time it is?
I've just turned the light out.
Yes, we know.
Could you turn the big light on again?
Oh, sorry hurray！
It's getting foggy.
I can't see the light anymore.
It's us again.
Could you sound the fog horn?
Oh~ FOG.
I can hear something.
Grampy Rabbit is guiding them home.
His voice is a fog horn!
This way, this way home.
The parents are here to pick up the children.
Have you had a lovely time?
We went to pirate island.
And to a lighthouse!
Grampy Rabbit' s
lighthouse guided us home safely.
That's nice.
Grampy Rabbit
sang a song. Would you like to hear it?
No, thanks.yes, please.
I got up this morning.
The sea was still there....